overcooked or undercooked it's hard to
get pasta just right that's why we're at
eataly Chicago to learn from the experts
wow there's a lot of fresh pasta here
Steve tell me what we're looking at this
is our fresh pasta department at Beetle
E we have 15 to 18 types of pasta we'll
make in-house every single day fresh
1518 different pastas that's a lot to
make every single day I think this one
over here looks really good tell me
about this this is our annual ot Dell
clean brass Otto my personal favorite
and a specialty of the Pyrmont a region
of Italy it's filled with braised veal
pork mortadella Grana Padano cheese and
spinach and is very simple to cook at
home alright that looks good let's pack
it up and bring it over to chef Alex
fantastic
all right first things first boiling the
water do we want to put olive oil or
salt in first it's a salt no need for
olive oil olive oil is a myth that
people think that if you add the olive
oil the pasta won't stick and then how
do we know that the pasta is done is it
the good old taste test it's a taste
test because you know with fresh pasta
they take anywhere between four to five
minutes dry pastas depending on the type
anywhere from 8 to 18 minutes the ones
that we sell here and then what about
when you're done do you rinse the pasta
with cold or hot water
we never rinse the pasta we want the
starch so what we do is we finish the
pasta in the sauce so if we're cooking a
pasta that takes 8 minutes to cook we're
gonna cook it for about 6 minutes in the
water and then finish cooking in the
sauce so that the sauce and the pasta
become one we want the starch the starch
is gonna thicken the sauce tell me how
do we pair pasta with some well in terms
of pairing it's about the shape and the
sauce so if you have a chunkier sauce
you're looking for something that will
catch the sauce in grooves like say a
bigger Toni or a penne or a broad noodle
like a pappardelle or if you're talking
about thinner noodles like say spaghetti
or linguine then you want to go with
thinner sauce such as basic marinara
sauce or Pomodoro Erika onion okey doke
clean with grandmother
that looks amazing buon appetito and if
you're looking for more cooking tips
check out our grilling video with chef
Alex